This is my son, who is the one who's a father.
I know he's a father, but he's a father.
I'm an ex-semitmenter.
I'm not a father.
I'm a father.
If I was a father, I would be a father.
My son is a father.
I'm a father.
This is my son.
The mother is a father.
I'm a mother.
My son is a father.
And he is a mother.
I'm not sure if we can do any other things.
I'll try to find your own way.
I can't do anything.
The reason why I didn't have any problem is that I have no problem.
I've already asked the question.
I'm not sure if I'm not going to.
I'm not sure if I'm going to do it.
I'm not sure if I'm going to do anything.
Also, I'm a teacher.
I'm a teacher. I'm a teacher and a teacher.
I'm a teacher.
2 days ago, the bad guys didn't know that I was dating a bit later.
I don't know where I was, but I decided to get that he's also dating a little bit.
Just to get that he got a good kid.
You said so much.
Guys, I was a type of brother.
What kind of a security can I have?
I'm a little bitch, but I have to say anything to you.
I'm a text, that's the pretty one.
SM attacks.
I'm a text.
I'm a text, and I see how this is designed.
I learned it from her.
I grains but I didn't even know how to handle it.
I didn't want to have wings before.
I don't want to know.
...and so I respect my health.
But what I didn't think of was that,
that this is the idea.
I found my way,
so I said,
that's not the idea.
I couldn't wait out to see this.
I'm not going to have to take on anything like that right now.
I don't like being more famous than my ex CIS kids, especially my ex.
I don't like buying tickets.
Very cute.
I don't like eating.
I want to make a dream.
I'm not mean to be in a car.
What's going on here?
My ex is a good boss.
I'm a good boss.
I'm not a good boss.
I don't like it.
I don't like you too.
I prefer you to go home.
a claaru!
Brouxin not ta buu...
You see, you'll do me a mi!
Pass back to the modern deli!
You will see it!
Oh....
Yes you will, for ever.
You can also do a little bit of doing that.
Oh, you'll see old me a mi comfido basuamined.
C'est en yo!
Es a tmeinci, saint de porcée!
Un stentere saunci buu ke Si!
You'll do me a mi tiabiena surprise.
You'll get to know that!
I will never give rodeo the car from my friend,
But I don't say...
I'm here to meet someone here,
I can't give you the car,
It's not a match.
I'm really scared that I want you to have the job.
I also want you to share your friend,
I'm really afraid of the strange things,
I can't do this until the first day I'm here.
I want you to know…
I'm here for you to say,
I want you to meet one of my friends.
During this journey I was Poooponic to make sure that it was a fair amount of time
I was very happy, and I was very happy
I was really happy and happy that I did something to remind my friends right now
I was there and loved because I'm so happy
How did I get an impression of the Poooponic being so happy?
So, so I will take a moment to make sure that I'm happy
it's a good thing to do with the
okay
spare
it's a good thing to do with the
The police we see on the phone.
We don't have any help.
Bye!
Sandra, what's going on right now?
Hey, Chef,
we'll make sure we take a bottle of water,
and be safe.
I'll phone you!
What?! What are you doing?!
No, no!
It's not our fault!
What do you want to know?
The police are not going to go and leave,
but the police are not going to do anymore.
I'm not going to go.
It's better.
No, no!
You're not going to go anywhere!
Why are you not going to go?
I don't want to go!
I'm not going to go.
I don't want to go.
I just want to go to the police.
I want to go to the police,
and it's not too bad.
I'm not going to go.
The question is, how do you feel about this?
Well, that's the answer.
How do you feel about this?
I don't know.
I can't believe it.
I've been to the United States.
But I really feel like it's about my family.
What's the difference between you and your family?
I'm not a human, I'm not a human.
I feel like it's about my family.
I'm a human.
I'm not a human.
I feel like it's about me.
You should be able to give me a chance,
too.
I thought you were going to do this.
I'm going to be out next to you.
I'm going to start your video.
I'm going to be able to give you a chance.
I like the picture with a beautiful hair.
I'm going to be able to see.
I'll be in this photo and see how it looks.
You should be able to see how it looks.
I'm going to be able to see how it looks.
What I stuttering daycare was so bad...
I used to tell myself that I would barely even look in my head...
But I didn't know that I was in theoos.
I'm really not thinking that I'mdsing a bad guy.
I would not like something, I'd think.
I wanted to tell him how much I am.
No, you'd like something, like a baby.
I don't want nothing.
I don't want to call you a doctor or anything.
What's the next thing?
The next thing is...
What is the next thing?
What's the next thing we should do?
Anyway, let's move the music to the room.
The next thing is...
the next thing is...
the space.
One of the music that was inspired by the music.
There are co-op and there are many of us who are out.
I don't know why this is a surprise.
Well, it's a surprise.
The last time I saw the surprise, I saw the surprise.
Then I saw the picture.
Then I saw it.
I saw the picture.
And then I saw the picture.
You didn't see it.
I saw the picture.
So...
I thought I could do it in my garden.
And then I thought,
It was a very beautiful garden.
To loot some stupid building
What does it mean?
Paying it to theoph enforcement
It's a good way
instrumental
This is the top of the Rhairs
oftype
a vision in time
Thank you so much for watching this video and I'll see you in the next video!